OSDOCS-16402: CQA fixes for ROSA HCP Tutorials (part 1) (#113885)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cloud-experts-aws-secret-manager-preparing-environment.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
Before creating your application, you need to gain access to your {product-title} cluster.

.Prerequisites

> * You've created a {product-title} cluster deployed with STS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have created a {product-title} cluster deployed with STS.
```
To keep it parallel.

> * You've installed Helm 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have installed Helm 3.
```

To keep it parallel.
